JFB MFR Session - Myofascial Release Treatment session is performed directly on skin without oils, creams or machinery. This enables the therapist to accurately detect fascial restrictions and apply the appropriate amount of sustained pressure to facilitate release of the fascia.  Men - Please wear shorts  Women please have a sports bra and shorts or bikini for treatment.

30 minutes - $55    60 minutes - $95  75 minutes - $115  90 minutes - $142   120 minutes- $190

 

Fascial Cranium MFR - uses specific techniques to align the cranial bones to optimal functioning.  Techniques may include intraoral and intranasal cavity work.  This work is to increase physiologic function, enhance cognition, decrease headaches, cervical,
sinus and TMJ pain.

60 minutes - $95    75 minutes - $115     90 minutes - $142

 

Advanced Sinus Release - Myofascial Release uses specific techniques to stretch and repair the connective issue between your muscles (fascia). It helps your body heal properly from injuries and can restore range of motion.

30 minutes - $55  

 

What is JFB MFR?

Myofascial Release is a safe and very effective hands-on technique that involves applying gentle sustained pressure into the Myofascial connective tissue restrictions to eliminate pain and restore motion. This essential “time element” has to do with the viscous flow and the piezoelectric phenomenon: a low load (gentle pressure) applied slowly will allow a viscoelastic medium (fascia) to elongate.

Trauma, inflammatory responses, and/or surgical procedures create Myofascial restrictions that can produce tensile pressures of approximately 2,000 pounds per square inch on pain sensitive structures that do not show up in many of the standard tests (x-rays, myelograms, CAT scans, electromyography, etc.) 

The use of Myofascial Release allows us to look at each patient as a unique individual. Our one-on-one therapy sessions are hands-on treatments during which our therapists use a multitude of Myofascial Release techniques and movement therapy. We promote independence through education in proper body mechanics and movement, self treatment instruction, enhancement of strength, improved flexibility, and postural and movement awareness.

For more detailed information, please visit the official site at:   https://www.myofascialrelease.com/
