Facial Treatments  

All skin care guests will have a consultation with Theresa Rennick and discuss any concerns or issues you are experiencing.  At which point, a customized treatment plan will be formulated to best fit your skin care goals.

 

Relaxing Facial Treatments

Sometimes you just need a respite from life.  These facial treatments are designed to relax and refresh you and your skin.  The products used are designed to blend organic products with science to bring about a positive skin change and help to induce a calm and peaceful state of mind. 

Calm - $65  This facial is a wonderful treatment for those that might be new to esthetics treatments, or for those who may not have the time to spend, but need to relax.  First the guest is seated in our heated and plush massaging facial table.  The facial begins with an aroma massage of the scalp, face and chest/shoulders with aromatic steam.  Next, a cleanser is applied to the face and neck and a scrub is massaged into the skin.  Hot towels are then applied.  An enzyme peel is used (pear fig or pumpkin) to help loosen dead skin and impaction's.  Afterwards, a serum is applied and a moisturizer is massaged into the skin according to the client’s skin type.  Treatment duration is approximately 50 minutes.

Peace - $90  This facial is for those who need more than just the basic.  After being seated in our heated massage facial table, the guest receives an aroma massage of the scalp, face and chest/shoulders with aromatic steam.  Next, a cleanser is applied to the face and neck and a scrub is massaged into the skin.  The brush machine is used to deep clean and exfoliate the skin. The hot towels are then applied to remove excess product. An enzyme peel of pear fig or pumpkin is used to help loosen dead skin and impaction's. A mask is applied (with or without aromatic steam) and allowed to set for 15 -20 minutes.  After removal of the mask with hot towels, a serum is massaged into the skin.  To end the treatment, a moisturizer best suited for the guest’s skin type is applied.  Treatment duration is approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes.

Reclaim -  $150  This luxurious facial begins with an aromatic massage. Next, the skin is cleansed and scrubbed. The pumpkin exfoliating masque is massaged into the skin for 10 minutes and then removed with hot towels. The Ultrasonic Skin Scrubber is then used to remove any excess oil from the pores. Extraction of pores is performed. Next, the Stem Cell, Placenta, Pearl or Seaweed Collagen Mask is applied to the skin and the Cold Laser is used for 20 minutes. Afterwards, the moisturizer is massaged into the skin.   Please allow 75 minutes for treatment.

 

Facial Treatments for Acne Prone Skin

 “Your skin will clear up when you get out of your teens.”  We have all heard that bit of encouragement, but unfortunately, after our teens can be the worst breakouts we've ever experienced.  Hormones continue to torment us and our lifestyle plays a huge role in the amount of breakouts that can occur.  These facial treatments are designed for all ages to get the maximum results.

Basic Acne Facial - $90  Designed for those guests who have more issues with blackheads and dead skin cell buildup.  There may be an issue with occasional blemishes, but the texture and overall appearance needs refreshing.  The facial begins with a pH test, wood’s lamp and mag lamp observation to see exactly what products should be used for the skin.  Afterwards, an application of cleanser is massaged into the skin, followed by the application of a scrub.  The brush machine is used to further exfoliate the skin.  Next, an enzyme peel and the aromatic steam is applied to the face.  Hot towels are used to remove the excess product.  Extraction of blemishes follows and then the vacuum machine is used to help loosen and eliminate blackheads and other blemishes.  High Frequency Massage is used to disinfect the skin and promote healing.  A serum is applied and moisturizer is massaged into the skin.  Treatment duration is approximately 50 minutes.

Level II Acne Treatment - $125  Do you have blackheads and experience more than occasional breakouts?  The skin is dull and sluggish, and oil seems to be more than average.  The facial begins with a pH test and observation of the skin with the Wood’s Lamp and Mag Lamp.  Upon deciding the correct products for the skin, we start the treatment with an aromatic massage of the skin.  The cleanser and scrub are massaged first by hand and then by the brush machine to begin exfoliation of the skin.  Instead of an enzyme peel, a chemical peel is applied to the face appropriate with the pH of the skin.  After neutralizing the peel with cold towels, the skin is warmed with the hot/cold “hammer.”  Extraction of the blemishes is done next.  Afterwards, the cold hammer is used to massage the skin and soothe any sensitivity.  High Frequency Massage is used to disinfect the skin and a toner is used to bring the pH of the skin back down.  A serum for acne prone skin is applied and massaged with the ultrasonic wands.  A massage with the moisturizer ends the treatment.  Treatment duration is approximately 1 hr.

Level III Acne Treatment - $150  Want superior results?  The facial begins with a pH test and observation of the skin with the Wood’s Lamp and Mag Lamp.  Upon deciding the correct products for the skin, we start the treatment with an aromatic massage of the skin.  The cleanser and scrub are massaged first, by hand and then by the brush machine.  A treatment gel is applied and the Ultrasonic Skin Scrubber is used to give a thorough exfoliation.  Hot towels are used to remove excess product.  A mild chemical peel is used to loosen dead skin cells and to bring the pH to a healthier state.  After the peel is neutralized, the warm “hammer” is used to make the skin more relaxed and extractions are done at this time.  After misting the skin with a toner, the High Frequency Massage follows to disinfect the skin and promote healing.  The cold “hammer” is used to soothe and cool the skin.  A serum is applied and the skin is massaged with the Ultrasonic Massage Wands.  The treatment ends with the application and massage of the moisturizer.  Treatment duration is approximately 1 hr. 15 min.

 

Microdermabrasion w/ Crystals  or  Diamond Microdermabrasion Crystal Free

Microdermabrasion is a deep exfoliating treatment that will leave the skin slightly red and sensitive for approximately 1 day, and takes 3 days for the skin to reach its best result.  Micro is wonderful for improving texture, color and clarity of the skin.  It can be used to minimize fine lines and wrinkles, diminish active acne and past acne scars.  Overall Microdermabrasion gives your complexion a huge boost.  Each package is designed for different levels of need. 

 

Basic Microdermabrasion - $100  The skin is analyzed with the pH test, the Wood’s Lamp and the Mag Lamp.  After deciding on the appropriate products, the skin is cleansed first by hand, and then by brush machine.  A level I chemical peel is applied and after the designated time neutralized with cold towels.  The microdermabrasion (with or without crystals) is used on the face and neck.  Afterwards, any excess dead skin cells are removed and the Cold “Hammer” is used to soothe and cool the skin.  The skin is misted with a toner.  High Frequency Massage is used to disinfect the skin and promote healing.  An application of serum is massaged into the skin.  The treatment ends with moisturizing massage.  Treatment duration is approximately 50 min.

Level II Microdermabrasion - $150  This treatment is more advanced for those experiencing problems with acne, aging or hormonal skin stains.  The treatment includes the same process as the basic, but adds in the Ultrasonic Skin scrubber before the level 1 chemical peel and the Ultrasonic Massage wands with the serum.  Treatment duration is approximately 1 hour.

Level III Microdermabrasion And Medilift - $250  This treatment includes the same elements as the Level I and II, but this treatment includes the Medilift that is used to act as a nonsurgical face-lift and the Cold Laser.  It tones and lifts the skin and muscles, bringing about a noticeable difference to the skin.  Treatment duration is approximately 1 hour and 30 minutes.

 

 

Advanced Facial Machines

 

Medilift -   ($100 per treatment for body, $150 per treatment for face)

A powerful piece of equipment that utilizes micro-currents and macro-currents to stimulate muscles(ems) and also working with fatty tissue to mold and shape it (Diamond dynamic waveform therapy)  It is known as the Nonsurgical Face-lift and is great for the face and body (inch loss and firming and lifting muscles).

The Cold Laser - $50

This facial treatment uses LED lights that work on the mitochondria (the powerhouse) in the skin cells to help bring about positive changes to the skin.  Anti aging benefits, acne treatments, rosacea treatments and pain reduction are a few of the treatments available with the Cold Laser.  This is a pain free treatment!

Vascutouch - $90  (20 minute session)

The Vascutouch machine uses RF current to remove skin tags, telangiectasia and cherry angiomas. 
