Traditional Massage - the most common and best-known type of massage in the West.  If it's your first time at the spa or you don't have a massage often, Swedish massage is the perfect place to start.  Swedish massage promotes relaxation, eases muscle tension and creates other health benefits.  Each massage is customized to the individual needs and discussing your areas of discomfort, pressure, and outcome with your therapist is welcomed.

30 minutes - $55    60 minutes - $95    75 minutes - $115  90 minutes - $142  120 minutes- $190

 

Pre-Natal Massage - promotes relaxation, soothes nerves, and relieves strained back and leg muscles in expectant mothers. Pregnancy massage is especially beneficial in the second and third trimesters, when the extra weight in your belly puts a strain on your body.  Customized to the needs of Mother-to-be to target areas of concern.

60 minutes - $95     75 minutes - $115    90 minutes - $142

 

Lomi Lomi Massage- The massage is given in fluid, rhythmic motion using the forearms as well as the hands. Some people have described this as feeling like gentle waves moving over the body.  The Hawaiians look at things in terms of energy flow, following the idea that an idea or belief can block energy flow as much as muscle tension can. Lomi Lomi helps release the blockages, at the same time giving the energy new direction. Thus Lomi Lomi is not just a physical experience; it also facilitates healing on the mental, emotional and spiritual levels as well. The Hawaiians view all aspects of the body as one and believe that the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual are all part of the "whole" self - when healing is effected on one level, all levels are affected. While technique is important, the priority is loving the body, using intuition so the massage is "right" for the client. The client on the table is not viewed as someone to be fixed, but a being to be returned to harmony and balance. Because each individual is unique, each massage will fluctuate in time.  Please allow up to 105 minutes for service.

105 minutes - $150

 

Hot Stone Massage -  is a specialty massage where the therapist uses smooth, heated stones, either as an extension of their own hands, or by placing them on the body while they massage other parts of the body.  The heat can be both deeply relaxing and help warm up tight muscles so the therapist can work more deeply, more quickly. Perfect for people diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis and Fibromyalgia.  If you are pregnant or have a sunburn, you shouldn't request a hot stone massage. You also may want to reconsider if you are menopausal, as it may trigger hot flashes. 

75 minutes- $140      90 minutes-$160    120 minutes - $210

 

Esthetician Massage with Theresa Rennick - Using a variety of different techniques and pressure, Licensed Esthetician Theresa Rennick customizes your Esthetic Relaxation Massage specifically for you to bring about a more relaxed state and overall well being. 

30 minutes -$55  60 minutes - $85  75 minutes - $105  90 minutes- $125  120 minutes - $185

 

Thai Massage - takes place fully clothed, on a thick cotton mat on the floor. The therapist uses passive stretching and pressure along the body's energy lines to increase flexibility and relieve muscle and joint tension. The therapist literally uses his/her whole body during the massage, so you have to be comfortable with the contact.  Thai massage has its roots in a spiritual tradition, and its purpose is to heal a person physically, emotionally, and spiritually.

75 minutes - $125    90 minutes - $140  120 minutes - $190

 

Thai Foot Massage - Thai Foot Massage originates from an ancient Chinese Reflexology system and is based on the notion that there are nerve endings in the soles of the feet that correspond to all of the organs of the body such as the liver, kidney or spleen. The gentle and repeated massage of these pressure points stimulates and detoxifies the internal organs and improves circulation to the problem area.  In addition, it also works the energy lines in the lower leg.  Perfect for people who experience ankle pain and swelling and general discomfort in the lower legs.

60 minutes - $100
